# Reading Response 3
## I Have Nothing to Say and I’m Saying It: Net Art’s Corporate Turn By Michael Connor

In Michael Connor's piece I Have Nothing to Say and I'm Saying It: Net Art's Corporate Turn, I found it particularly interesting that artists and activists were using the Internet to have a 'silent' protest. A lot of times, we are using the internet to watch videos or read articles but hearing about this type of resistance through virtual sit-ins was quite new. Out of the different pieces mentioned in the article, I found the java applet FloodNet to be very interesting. Having netsurfers gather online together to flood witty messages in the server error logs caused no damage but slowed down services and was a poetic gesture of resistance to the institutions that were enemies to the Zapatistas. This applet got me thinking about the methods people use today to protest and raise attention for issues. In the past two years, I have seen people, perhaps around me, shift towards Instagram as a place to share information and spread awareness about events and protests. It's similar to FloodNet as it also part of this digital age of reformation and the use of the Internet as a medium.

I looked through all of the artworks and the one I found to be particularly interesting to me was Mendi and Keith Obadike’s Black Net.Art Actions. Out of the three works in the series, Blackness for Sale caught my attention in just the name itself. It draws a connection between the commodification of black bodies during slavery and now on the Internet. For this piece, Mendi and Keith Obadike auctioned Keith’s "blackness" on eBay.com in the "Black Americana" category. The fact that the "Black Americana" category exists is angering. There was no image for the listing and only a description of the "Benefits and Warnings". Suprisingly to me, there were a few bids. However, eBay had eventually taken the listing down after four days. It was deemed inapporpriate for the marketplace even though racist caricatures are deemed appropriate. This relates to Mendi Obadike's claim that "We did not feel that the net was a colorless space, but rather, that whiteness was being set up as the default." I also found that Young-Hae Chang Heavy Industries' Samsung sparked important conversations on corporate power's influence on people's everday life from birth to death. It makes you think about the things you use on a daily basis and how much power one company can have when everyone is relying on their buildings and products.