# Reading Response 5
## Online Intimacy

How do relationships, intimacy, and interpersonal connections exist online?

Reading 1: The Context of the Digital: A Brief Inquiry into Online Relationships by Gene McHugh

Again, the idea of the internet being another form of reality comes up. Mark Hansen suggests that mixed reality, the notion of identity extending into different planes of reality, is not new but the empirical concreteness of it is fairly recent. This mixed reality is especially emphasized in the lives of "digital natives" that did not know of life before the internet. I started to question whether I am considered a "digital native' because I did grow up using the internet but my childhood was not consumed by it. It's interesting to hear how digital natives don't distinguish between the online and offline but instead just have one identity in different spaces. I find it a little hard to imagine what that may be like as I see them as different spaces with varying levels of privacy. Gene McHugh also makes interesting connections between how we interact online versus in person. I have always known these connections exist, like the varying casualness of speech to define the tenor of the relationship, but did not quite take note of it. I prefer to call people over texting because it is not effective way of communicating my thoughts and feelings. There's no tones in texts and emojis or grammar can often lead to miscommunication. To me, it doesn't fully capture interacting in person.

Reading 2: In the Name of Love: Arguments for a Slow Internet by Claire L. Evans

I found it interesting to think about what surviving a breakup was like before the social web versus now. It meant tossing out mementos and avoiding but in the digital age it means perusing invite lists, haunting status updates, and constantly focusing on changes in circle colors. Claire Evans even makes an interesting comparison between tactics for avoidance to stalking. I agree with Evans statement that we must be more considered with everything we do online, reflect on why we do it. "Love undocumented is love unadvertised and unexploited; it is love that will fade gently like a photograph, instead of creeping up, algorithmically like a Google image search result." This is something I've been thinking about over the past year, especially during COVID. I was reflecting on the reason behind why I posted what I ate and who I hung out with on my Instagram. After thinking about the reasons, I felt like it didn't really feel right so most of the time now I enjoy just taking pictures of the moment and keeping them for myself to look at later.