# Reading Response 4

## Reading 1: The Different Worlds of Cao Fei by Alice Ming Wai Jim.

As I was reading "The Different Worlds of Cao Fei", I was reminded of Elvia Wilik's "High Infidelity" and our discussion about the virtual world being another mode of reality. Furthermore, there were a few lines that made me think back to how virtual identities could not be postiioned in opposition to reality. One thing that was particularly interesting to me was Christine Liao's claim that avatars "usually do not mirror their physical body but are accumulations of imagination and desires...
carry information about personal desires and cultural experiences." Although these virtual spaces exist online, they are nevertheless intertwined with our daily lives and although avatars may not resemble our physical selves all the times, I agree with Cao Fei that our inner selves that can't be seen are revealed through the customization of idenitities. In addition to the avatars, there have been numerous different live events or "in-world activities" hosted by RMB City from performances to beauty contests. This was fascinating to me as I never heard of events like these before and they happened over ten years ago. After the COVID-19 pandemic and everything had to be online, I can see how a lot more of these activies had to make the transition of being hosted online. Apocalypse Tomorrow's commentary on captalism is done so well through the different choices of music, buildings, brands and the placement of them to create horrifying visuals and stories of what is to come. Choosing to have a monk as the main character to guide you through this game really ties into the whole concept as one who is "divested of desire and expectancy, (technically) never dies." Overall, I loved learning about RMB City and Apocalypse Tomorrow and how this virtual space can lead the player to this revelation that you "either steer in the direction you want to go, or end up adrift in the current" in real life. 

## Reading 2: Now You're in my Computer: Performing in the Network's Theater of Visibility by Megan Driscoll. 

Megan Driscoll's "Now You're in my Computer: Performing in Network's Theater of Visibility" gives us a look into what living online was like in the early 2000s. Firstly, Driscoll introduces Life Sharing and hypervisibility, I found it to be completely crazy that Eva and Franco Mattes put their whole computer online for everyone to see, especially the bank records. It's something that I would never imagine someone to do these days. However, as I continued to read about the other projects/works, we are essentially doing the same thing as we upload posts on our social media accounts. Being bron in 2000 and growing up with social media, it seemed normal to put information about ourselves online, but I realized it is drastically different from my parent's generation. American Idol Audition Training Blog and Scandalishious were some of the first works that displayed how social media has made "cultivating an online identity not only commonplace, but seemingly compulsory" and we are in a way performing "ourselves in the network's theater of visibility." Side note, I found it a little ironic that the Mattes kept their real names a secret although they used to have "privacy is stupid" written all over their website, but I understand why they would do so. I also wonder was anyone not able to find their real name through the bank records, or was it blurred out?